Ignore too large of a balance on validation to prevent grifting and r… (#8)
BalancerMaxis/ChildChainGaugeInjectoooor: README.md

This list is defined by calling the function `setRecipientList(streamerAddresses, amountsPerPeriod, maxPeriods)` on the deployed injector.

> `setValidatedRecipientList(streamerAddresses, amountsPerPeriod, maxPeriods)` can also be called.  It checks that there are running programs that still have periods to pay out, and that the balance in the injector contract is sufficent  required to pay the full new program.   Note that it will not catch if there are too many tokens to prevent grifting, so if you want to keep exact balances you should confirm that the balance is 0 or sweep it before running `setValidatedRecipientList`.  It will revert if these conditions are not met, and set a new list if they are. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`setValidatedRecipientList(streamerAddresses, amountsPerPeriod, maxPeriods)` can also be called.  It checks that there are running programs that still have periods to pay out, and that the balance in the injector contract is sufficient to pay the full new program.  Note that it will not catch if there are too many tokens to prevent griefing, so if you want to keep exact balances you should confirm that the balance is 0 or sweep it before running `setValidatedRecipientList`.  It will revert if these conditions are not met, and set a new list if they are. 
```
